release: v2.9 (#1060)
DisnakeDev/disnake: docs/whats_new.rst

.. towncrier release notes start

.. _vp2p9p0:

v2.9.0
------

This release comes with support for the new username system, text in stage, role subscriptions, silent messages, and onboarding.

> We've also done a refactor of the documentation to remove the monolithic API Reference page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation has been refactored, removing the monolithic API Reference page and splitting it into smaller :doc:`pages <api/index>`.
```
small clarification
